JUDY WOODRUFF, PBS NEWSHOUR
ANCHOR: Good evening.
I'’m Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN, PBS NEWSHOUR:
And I'’m
Hari Sreenivasan.
WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight: as President-elect
Trump continues to build the
future administration,
a look at the most pressing
questions around
the role his children will play
and potential
conflicts of interest.
SREENIVASAN: Also ahead this
Thursday, evacuations
begin in war-ravaged Aleppo as a
cease-fire
allows Syrians to escape from
the battle's
bloody end.
WOODRUFF: And, economists put
their money
where their mouth is.
After grave mistakes in
prediction polls,
the betting markets feel the
loss.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: One of the
things that
we learn here, and this is a
lesson for both
the media and for social
scientists, is how
difficult it is to communicate
clearly about
probabilities.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
SREENIVASAN: All that and more
on tonight's
PBS "NewsHour".
(BREAK)
WOODRUFF: Convoys of buses
carried some 3,000
people out of eastern Aleppo in
Syria today,
under a cease-fire arrangement.
Their evacuation to Idlib
province effectively
marked the end of rebel
resistance in that
city.
In Washington, Secretary of
State John Kerry
called again for peace talks, as
he blasted
the Syrian government.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHN KERRY, SECRETARY OF STATE:
The Assad
regime is actually carrying out
nothing short
of a massacre.
And we have witnessed
indiscriminate slaughter,
not accidents of war, not
collateral damage,
but frankly purposeful.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
WOODRUFF: The White House said
President Obama
spoke with Turkey's President
Tayyip Recap
Erdogan by phone and thanked him
for brokering
the truce.
And Syria's President Bashar
al-Assad likened
the fall of Aleppo to the birth
of Christ
or the revelation of the Koran.
We'll get a report from Aleppo
later in the
program.
SREENIVASAN: In the day's other
news, President-elect
Trump checked another box on his
cabinet list.
He chose Congressman Ryan Zinke
for interior
secretary.
The Montana Republican is a
former Navy SEAL
who is finishing his first term
in the U.S.
House.
Zinke has pushed for energy
independence and
voted to expand oil and gas
drilling.
WOODRUFF: A jury in Charleston,
South Carolina,
has convicted Dylann Roof, in
the killing
of nine black church-goers last
year.
The white supremacist was found
guilty today
of federal hate crimes and other
counts.
In closing arguments, the
prosecution called
Roof a cold, calculated killer,
full of hate.
The defense admitted his guilt,
but focused
on trying to prevent a death
sentence.
SREENIVASAN: Bitterly cold air
swept down
from Canada and engulfed the
Upper Midwest
today, spreading to the East
Coast.
Temperatures were frigid and
fell below zero
in parts of North Dakota,
Minnesota and Wisconsin,
where wind chills made it even
colder -- 15
to 30 degrees below zero.
The Arctic blast also brought
snow from the
Great Lakes to the Northeast,
and caused a
pileup of about 60 cars in
Western Pennsylvania.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JUSTIN ROSS, DRIVER: Traffic was
stopped.
I tried to stop.
I got pushed over into another
lane, and I
stopped and other cars started
coming along,
truck passed over.
He was going about 60, got into
the ditch
and it just started piling up
after that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
SREENIVASAN: Overnight, light
snow from another
storm system caused commuter
havoc in Portland,
Oregon, with multiple crashes
and traffic
backed up for miles.
WOODRUFF: The 320,000 residents
of Corpus
Christi, Texas, are being urged
not to drink
their tap water until further
notice.
City officials say it might be
contaminated
with chemicals from an
industrial leak yesterday.
The warning has caused a run on
bottled water,
with long lines at grocery
stores across the
city.
Schools are also closed, and
it's not clear
when the drinking supply will be
safe again.
SREENIVASAN: An ex-police
officer in Milwaukee
has been charged with reckless
homicide in
a fatal shooting that sparked
riots.
A criminal complaint released
today says the
victim was armed, but threw away
his gun moments
before he was killed.
The officer was fired later,
over a separate
incident.
And in Pasco, Washington, a
coroner's jury
cleared three state police
officers.
They shot and killed an unarmed
Mexican farm
worker after he threw rocks at
them.
WOODRUFF: The United States
today renewed
sanctions against Iran for
another 10 years.
The extension became law
automatically when
President Obama declined to sign
or veto the
bill.
The White House says the
president will waive
most of the sanctions, but it's
warning Congress
against doing anything else to
undo the nuclear
deal with Iran.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOSH EARNEST, WHITE HOUSE PRESS
SECRETARY:
The president did not veto this
bill because
it does not undermine the deal.
But there'’s been plenty of
rhetoric and
plenty of legislative work done
on legislation
that would blow up the deal.
And this is a message that if
the United States
Congress blows up the deal that
prevents Iran
from obtaining a nuclear weapon,
they will
have to deal with the grave
consequences that
ensue.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
WOODRUFF: Iran says the
sanctions renewal
does violate the nuclear deal,
and it vows
to respond.
SREENIVASAN: Investigators in
Egypt say they've
found traces of explosives on
victims of an
Egypt Air crash in May.
All 66 people on board died when
the flight
plunged into the Mediterranean
Sea.
Search crews were able to
recover a variety
of wreckage from the sea floor.
The plane had been on a flight
from Paris
to Cairo.
There has been no claim of
responsibility
for downing the airliner.
WOODRUFF: Back in this country,
U.S. Labor
Secretary Thomas Perez announced
he's running
for chair of the Democratic
National Committee.
He'll take on Congressman Keith
Ellison of
Minnesota.
The state party heads in South
Carolina and
New Hampshire, Jaime Harrison
and Ray Buckley,
are also running.
SREENIVASAN: As of today,
recreational use
of marijuana is officially legal
in Massachusetts.
It's the first state on the
Eastern Seaboard
to take that step, and one of
eight states
nationwide.
The ballot measure, passed last
month, allows
adults to grow and use limited
amounts of
marijuana at their homes.
It will be another year before
retail pot
shops are allowed to open.
WOODRUFF: And, Wall Street
rebounded some
from yesterday's losses.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 59
points to close at 19,852, the
NASDAQ rose
20 points, and the S&P 500 added
eight.
SREENIVASAN: Still to come on
the "NewsHour":
the Trump family's role in the
administration
and business; the last survivors
evacuate
in the Syrian city of Aleppo;
evidence of
Vladimir Putin's involvement in
the hack leading
up to the election, and much
more.
(BREAK)
WOODRUFF: Today was supposed to
be the day
President-elect Trump held a
news conference,
to spell out what role, if any,
he would play
in the future of his business
empire.
He's since postponed talking to
the press
about it, at least until
January.
Instead, today, he tweeted with
a push back
against all of speculation about
potential
conflicts of interest.
He wrote, quote, "The media
tries so hard
to make my move to the White
House, as it
pertains to my business, so
complex -- when
actually it isn't!"
But there's also this from one
of his top
aides, Kellyanne Conway.
She told MSNBC this morning that
there was
still work to be done.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KELLYANNE CONWAY, SENIOR
ADVISER, TRUMP TRANSITION
TEAM: Getting this right, before
you announce
it, is what's important.
That's what I'’ve been told by
the legal
experts and the other protocol
experts -- to
make sure that the structure
that's put in
place shows the complete
separation, so that
Donald Trump himself as the
president of the
United States, Steve, can focus
100 percent
on being president of the United
States.
It's going to take a little bit
longer.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
WOODRUFF: Meanwhile, there's new
pressure
today from a group of Senate
Democrats, who
unveiled a bill that would
require Mr. Trump
to divest from his businesses,
and put his
assets in a blind trust.
Here now to unpack those
possible conflicts
of interests are Marilyn Geewax.
She'’s senior business editor for
NPR.
And Richard Painter, he's a
professor at the
University of Minnesota Law
School and he
was a White House ethics adviser
for President
George W. Bush.
And we welcome both of you to
the program.
Marilyn Geewax, let me start
with you, what
do we know about why this
announcement is
being postponed?
MARILYN GEEWAX, NPRR: We know
very little,
other than what he tweets but
one can speculate.
He had said several weeks ago
that he would
have this press conference
today, on the 15th,
and on Monday, he said, never
mind.
I'’m not really going to do that.
So, people are speculating that
some think
he wanted to wait until after
the Electoral
College votes.
Others say the business is just
so complicated
that it's going to take more
legal work to
figure out how to pull him out
of it.
And others just say that this is
just kind
of a general smokescreen, that
you could say
you're going to do this, you
stall for two
weeks, then he says he's going
to do it, but
now, he's going to stall longer.
And by the time he does get to
this topic,
it will be January, and we'll be
focused on
the inauguration and it will
seem smaller.
WOODRUFF: Well, Richard Painter,
as we just
reported, Mr. Trump tweeted
today.
You know, it's not complex.
On the other hand, we just heard
Kellyanne
Conway, we've heard some of his
other advisers
say, well, there is more work to
be done here
to sort it all out.
RICHARD PAINTER, UNIVERSITY OF
MINNESOTA:
Well, it isn't that complex to
sell businesses,
particularly if you have the
advice of some
of the best lawyers and
investment bankers
in New York.
They buy and sell businesses all
the time.
He could have a public offering.
He could find a private equity
firm.
Sell it to a private equity
There are a number of different
options.
I don't think it's that complex,
but it does
need to be done correctly.
But I wish he would assure us at
this point
that he is going to sell off his
business
interests, and in particular, he
needs to
be in compliance with the
Constitution, and
the Emoluments Clause of the
Constitution
which prohibits payoffs from
foreign governments
to United States officials.
They simply cannot receive
payments from foreign
governments.
The businesses doing businesses
with foreign
governments, he can't own them.
WOODRUFF: So, Marilyn Geewax, is
there agreement
among ethics experts -- and I
know, you know,
professor Painter is one of them
-- is there
agreement about what Donald
Trump needs to
do?
GEEWAX: I think there really is
broad agreement.
There'’s -- I can't think of
anybody, really,
who would say, "No, it's a great
idea to keep
owning hotels a couple of blocks
from the
White House and having people
feel pressured
to stay at your hotel when" -- I
mean, it
just -- it's pretty much second
grade stuff
to see that there could be all
sorts of conflicts
of interest.
He's going to be shaping foreign
policy, and
he has businesses in something
like 20 countries.
He literally has some position
in hundreds
of companies over all of these
different parts
of the world.
It would be impossible to
separate out when
is someone trying to win his
favor, or curry
favor by boosting his business
and when aren't
they?
It's really pretty obvious that
you need to
have a big, very high wall -- if
you're going
to build a wall, that's the one
you want to
build -- between your business
and your job
as president.
WOODRUFF: Well, we don't know
what he's going
to do for sure, but, Richard
Painter, one
of the things he said is that he
wants his
sons -- or suggested that he
wants his sons
to take over the business.
Would that provide a measure of
separation?
PAINTER: Well, no, particularly
if he's still
going to own the businesses.
In order to give them to his
son, he'd have
to pay the gift tax.
I don't think he likes paying
taxes.
So, if he just has his sons
manage the businesses,
that's not going to solve any of
these problems.
If the businesses taking money
from the foreign
governments, he'’s going to be in
violation
of the Constitution on January
20 if he owns
the businesses.
WOODRUFF: Is there a precedent,
Richard Painter,
for a president -- and we know
-- we don't
typically have billionaires
assuming the office
of the presidency.
But is there any precedent --
what is the
precedent for a -- someone
coming into office
and figuring out some way to
keep his family
involved?
PAINTER: Well, we'’ve had family
members
of the president involved.
Usually, of course, it's the
spouse.
And -- but the involvement is
informal, and
giving advice to the president
about how to
do his job.
But running a business on the
side and trying
to profit from the presidency,
that's what's
inappropriate.
And I do not think we have
family members
who are both attending official
meetings and
then on the other hand running a
business.
WOODRUFF: And this week, Marilyn
Geewax, we've
seen the children just yesterday
in that meeting
with technology executives.
Both of his sons were there, his
daughter,
Ivanka, her husband, Jared
Kushner.
Mr. Trump has talked about
bringing Ivanka
and Jared Kushner into the
administration.
What's the precedent there?
I mean, everybody refers back to
John Kennedy
and his brother Bobby as
attorney general.
But that was back in the 1960s.
GEEWAX: Right.
And there are rules that are
supposed -- ethics
that have grown up in the
post-Watergate era,
since 1978, where you really
were trying to
address these kinds of problems
of nepotism
and conflicts of interest where
Congress did
spell it out.
It's pretty clear what the will
of the Founding
Fathers was.
They didn't want you to take
money foreign
governments and they didn't want
people to
have conflicts of interest.
When you're the president, you
should be focused
on doing only what is right for
all Americans,
not for your family business.
But what we've seen this week is
really an
aggressive push-back to that.
I mean, rather than have this
press conference
and talk about solving conflicts
of interest,
he had a meeting with a bunch of
tech executives.
WOODRUFF: Right.
GEEWAX: There were 25 people at
the table
and four of them were Trumps.
I mean, that's pretty aggressive
on his part.
WOODRUFF: That's right.
And his daughter, Ivanka's
husband.
But, Richard Painter, if there
is some arrangement
say where Ivanka Trump was
involved-- obviously
not the first lady.
That would be Mrs. Trump.
But if she is there in a
semiofficial role
as daughter of the president, if
Jared Kushner
is involved, as has been
suggested, maybe
advising on national security,
the Middle
East, and they're not paid,
could an agreement
like that work?
PAINTER: Well, I think you
probably have to
work out with Congress because
the anti-nepotism
statute, which came in after the
Bobby Kennedy
appointment, is quite clear
about not allowing
someone to appoint relatives to
positions
in the government.
And I don'’t think the fact that
it's not
a paid position would -- would
affect that.
And I think that that he could
work something
out with Congress, maybe to --
if he wants
to maybe disclose his tax
returns and do some
of the other things that we care
about, I
would not have an objection to
Jared Kushner.
I mean -- or other family
members being given
a position.
They're very talented people,
and in some
ways I think more talented than
some of the
people he'’s brought in.
But you have to work it out with
Congress.
The statute is quite clear on
nepotism.
WOODRUFF: And yet, the first
lady, Marilyn
Geewax, you know, typically does
play some
role.
The modern first lady takes on a
clause.
Hillary Clinton, it was health
reform.
GEEWAX: But think about the
roles they took
on.
I mean, in Mrs. Clinton's case,
she was pushing
a health care agenda.
With Mrs. Obama, it was about
children and
obesity and nutrition.
But what if, you know, if Mrs.
Obama had come
out with a new line of jewelry
and she started
selling Obama-wear, and was
holding up her
new bracelets, that would have
seemed peculiar.
I mean, I think people would
have been very
shocked to see, you know, a
little Obama fragrance
or -- you know --
(CROSSTALK)
WOODRUFF: But we'’re not -- we
don'’t know
that it's going to happen.
So --
GEEWAX: But, I mean, it didn't
happen while
they were in office.
But we do know the Trumps plan
to continue
-- it appears -- to sell all
sorts of products.
WOODRUFF: We will see.
Marilyn Geewax, Richard Painter,
thank you
both.
PAINTER: Thank you very much.
(BREAK)
SREENIVASAN: The brutal fight
for Aleppo seems
to now be over.
Evacuations of civilians and
fighters from
the rebel-held east began today,
as the pitched
four-year battle ends.
Dan Rivers of Independent
Television News
is there.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
DAN RIVERS, INDEPENDENT
TELEVISION NEWS: After
so many false dawns, the siege
of Aleppo is
over.
But even this morning, President
Assad's artillery
couldn't resist one last go at
killing those
still trapped.
Inside the rebel enclave, those
he targeted
for four and a half years
prepared to leave.
And these pictures show that
while fighters
were among them, most appeared
to be civilians.
They included women, children,
the injured
and the vulnerable, all caught
up in the catastrophe
of this conflict.
The scale of the destruction
they were leaving
was laid bare, as was the enmity
with which
they regard those who've
besieged them.
UNIDENTIFIED KID (translated):
It's true we're
leaving Aleppo.
But once we grow up, we're going
to come back
and liberate Aleppo, god willing
we're going
to come back and liberate
Aleppo, me and all
of my brothers.
All of us.
RIVERS: Outside, the regime
buses were lined
up and ready.
A solitary vehicle carrying a
Red Crescent
flag emerged from rebel lines.
Terms agreed.
It was time to end the
suffering.
The buses threaded their way
through the debris
to start the evacuation.
The call to prayer cut through
the silence
as a tense city held its breath
and hoped
for peace.
Then, the first sign.
Flashing lights, a convoy of
ambulances and
buses emerging onto Aleppo'’s
ring road.
The occupants of the buses came
almost face
to face with the men who'’d
sought to kill
them.
But they were allowed to leave
unhindered.
And it didn't take long for
President Assad's
supporters to start their
celebrations.
(CHANTING)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I feel very
happy.
I feel that this victory will
continue to
all Syria.
RIVERS: But after so much
bloodshed, this
shouldn't have been a day of
celebration.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
SREENIVASAN: Dan Rivers joins me
from Aleppo.
You can imagine, it'’s not the
easy satellite
connection.
So, please excuse the
interference on the
line.
Dan, you were there the last
month.
Tell me the main differences
between then
and now, beyond the obvious
victory by the
Assad forces, especially among
members supportive
of the regime.
RIVERS: When we were here a
month ago, this
war was waging outside the
window I'’m standing
in front of.
But in the intervening time,
they have lost,
day after day, chunks, districts
have fallen
week after week, until they have
just been
reduced to about one square
mile.
And the devastation across the
city is absolutely
jaw-dropping.
To see today, finally, the
battle coming to
an end, seeing a piece of
history and a watershed
in this conflict.
We didn't manage to speak
personally to anyone
who came out because we were
prevented from
doing so.
We've spoken to people in
refugee camps.
Many of them were terrified
coming over into
government-controlled Aleppo.
SREENIVASAN: We've seen pictures
of the destruction
over the last few weeks.
What's left of the city?
What have Assad and his allies
actually won?
RIVERS: They've won a shell of
eye city in
the east.
The destruction is epic.
That's the only word I can use
to describe
it.
We were taken to the old city
the other day,
and just the loss of heritage,
of this, a
city that claims to be one of
the oldest in
the world.
I can only liken it, I guess, to
something
you would see in maybe the
Second World War.
People have talked about it
being Syria's
Stalingrad.
SREENIVASAN: Dan Rivers of
Independent Television
News joining us tonight from
Aleppo, Syria
-- thanks so much.
(BREAK)
WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour",
what happens
when bookies bet on the wrong
presidential
candidate; Facebook's plan to
combat fake
news; and using business to
combat global
poverty.
SREENIVASAN: But first, Donald
Trump took
to Twitter this morning to
attack the Obama
administration's handling of
Russia's alleged
hacking during the election.
He wrote, quote, "If Russia, or
some other
entity, was hacking, why did the
White House
wait so long to act?
Why did they only complain after
Hillary lost?"
In fact, the U.S. intelligence
community said
in early October that it was
confident Russia
directed the hacks of the DNC.
Today, Senate Minority Leader
Harry Reid said
Russian President Vladimir Putin
was personally
involved in efforts to disrupt
the election
and help Donald Trump win.
We look at Putin's role now with
Angela Stent.
She served in the State
Department during
the Clinton administration.
She's now a professor at
Georgetown University.
Does it make sense that Vladimir
Putin would
have a role?
ANGELA STENT, GEORGETOWN
UNIVERSITY: I think
we have to go back to 2011.
In the fall of 2011, there were
mass demonstrations
in Moscow, protesting falsified
elections
and protesting Vladimir Putin's
announcement
that he was coming back to the
Kremlin.
He directly accused Hillary
Clinton at that
point of paying the
demonstrators to go on
to the streets in Moscow.
So, he, apparently, and his
colleague in addition
the Kremlin, believe there was
U.S. interference
in 2011 in the election, and,
therefore, it's
fair game to interfere in the
U.S. election
because that's, you know, what
can big countries
do.
SREENIVASAN: Can something like
this -- it's
a big government, like all
governments are
-- can something like this
happen without
his knowledge or approval?
STENT: I think he must have
known on some
level that this was happening.
I mean, hackers couldn't just
have done this
freelance without at least
having a sense
that this was permitted.
Whether he personally directed
it, I think
that's much more difficult to
say.
I haven't seen the evidence.
None of us have.
We'’ve had contradictory
statements from
our own officials.
So, I think we'd have to know
more about the
personal direction.
But, clearly, there was an
environment that
encouraged this to happen.
SREENIVASAN: Well, what about
the assessment
by the intelligence community
that this was
an effort to help Trump win?
Was it, as you said, perhaps
revenge against
Hillary Clinton, or was it that
other element,
too, to actually help Donald
Trump?
STENT: Well, clearly on the
campaign trail,
Donald Trump consistently
praised Vladimir
Putin.
It was only world leader that he
consistently
praised.
He said we need to do a deal
with Russia.
We shouldn'’t have such bad
relations with
Russia.
Whereas Hillary Clinton took a
pretty tough
line, as she had since leaving
secretary of
state.
So, I think it's credible to
believe the Russians
wanted Donald Trump to win.
I'’m not sure they expected him
to win, but
I think they saw an opportunity
there.
Also, really, to help muddy the
waters here
and to have Americans
questioning what was
really going on.
SREENIVASAN: What could the U.S.
do in response?
STENT: It's very difficult to
respond in kind.
I mean, we may be retaliating in
ways that
we don'’t know.
It would be very hard to
prosecute the hackers
themselves.
And to do what they did, which
is to then
hack into people's e-mails, and
then release
information that might help
another candidate
in an election.
I mean, Vladimir Putin is going
to run for
president in 2018, but it's not
going to be
a competitive election.
So, we can't -- we couldn't
respond in kind
anyway.
And so, I think, you know, that
-- there's
the possibility of sanctions
that's talked
about in the Congress.
I'’m not sure that that would do
any good.
And I don't think a Trump
administration would
want those sanctions.
So, I actually think one of the
things that
we should do, once the next
administration
is in office, is to try and work
out with
the Russians, as we have with
the Chinese,
at least some kind of a cyber
agreement, some
rules of the game, which --
which we don't
have now with the Russians.
I'’m not saying this would
prevent this from
happening again, but I think we
need to at
least try and work on out rules
of the game
with them.
SREENIVASAN: I was going to say,
do these
kind of agreements hold?
STENT: Well, with the Chinese,
there are different
views on this.
I mean, some aspect of it,
apparently, have
worked.
Others haven't.
It's really the best one can do
because we're
in a very shadowy world there.
I mean, it's very hard to know
exactly who
did the hacking and then, you
know, who directed
them.
As I said, it's very difficult
to prosecute.
SREENIVASAN: Before the
administration leaves
-- I mean, that's a very small
window of time.
If President Obama, with his
existing authority,
wanted to launch any sort of
counter-offensive.
I mean, what's that conversation
like on January
20 -- "By the way, here's this
operation I'’ve
begun, here are the keys"?
STENT: I mean, that's possible,
but, again,
we have an incoming
administration that has
vowed to improve relations with
Russia, and
it's very -- one wonders whether
they would
really continue with it.
Plus, we have a president-elect
who questioned
what the intelligence -- our
intelligence
services have said about this.
So, I think it would be very
difficult to
do it even if we started
something now.
And I think, obviously, that's
what the Russians
have been figuring would happen,
too.
SREENIVASAN: All right.
Angela Stent, thanks so much.
(BREAK)
WOODRUFF: Next Monday, the
Electoral College
meets to finalize the election
of Donald Trump
as president.
His victory was a shock to many.
Pollsters are asking if they
need to rethink
their methods for surveying the
public.
Betting markets had been a good
predictor,
but this year was different for
them as well.
Our economics correspondent,
Paul Solman,
explores what happened, part of
his weekly
series, "Making Sense."
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
PAUL SOLMAN, PBS NEWSHOUR
ECONOMICS CORRESPONDENT:
The race is over.
The long shot won.
And yet pundits, pollsters and
punters in
the prediction markets had all
been so sure.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A lot of
people have no
idea that Trump is headed for a
historic defeat.
REPORTER: Most analysts are
saying Hillary
Clinton is going to win in a
landslide.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The odds are
overwhelming
of a Hillary Clinton victory on
Tuesday.
SOLMAN: Sam Wang of the
Princeton Election
Consortium became famous for his
forecasting
acumen in the 2012 election.
Now, prophets like Wang are
eating crow, or
worse.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dr. Wang, you
tweeted recently
that you were so sure of the
result, you'd
eat a bug if Donald Trump pulled
this thing
out.
SAM WANG, PRINCETON ELECTION
CONSORTIUM: See
this?
Here it goes.
SOLMAN: On the prediction
markets, they actually
bet money on the outcome.
One of the largest, Paddy Power,
an Irish
bookie, paid out a million
dollars to people
who bet on Clinton 20 days
before the election.
That was just after, Skyped
Paddy Power's
owner, whose real name is "Paddy
Power," the
Access Hollywood tape surfaced.
PADDY PWER, ONLINE BOOKMAKER:
The one where
he was grabbing certain parts of
women's anatomy,
or boasting about that.
And, and then we just thought
that has to
be it.
We took an absolute conkers on
it to be fair.
We were left with our pants
around our ankles
at the end of it.
SOLMAN: An absolute conkers,
pants around
the ankles.
On the other hand: a jackpot of
PR.
In the U.S., we have two betting
markets,
only legal because they provide
results for
academic research and limit bets
to modest
amounts.
As late as election night, at
the office party
of one of them, Predictit in
Washington, D.C.,
the consensus among traders:
Clinton at 80
percent.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Everything's
invested in
Clinton winning tonight.
SOLMAN: Among America's academic
prognosticators,
however, there were dissenters.
RAY FAIR, YALE UNIVERSITY: This
is the website
that I put all the results on.
SOLMAN: Economist Ray Fair first
forecast
the Democrats would lose in
November of 2014!
FAIR: The prediction I made two
years ago
was that the Republicans had a
huge head start
and were favored by quite a bit.
SOLMAN: His model is based on
past history,
period.
FAIR: So, there's no polls,
there's no surveys,
this is all just fundamental
economic events
that you're talking about.
SOLMAN: Fundamental events, and
to an economist,
there's nothing more fundamental
than the
rate of economic growth.
FAIR: A good economy helps the
incumbent party,
a bad economy doesn't.
What the opposition party should
do if the
economy is poor is to keep
hammering the economy.
SOLMAN: Fair's model considers
just a few
factors: if an incumbent is up
for re- election,
voters tend to give the
president a second
term.
After eight years, voters tend
to be itching
for a change.
But most important: the state of
the economy
in the four years before an
election.
FAIR: In the 15 quarters of the
second Obama
administration, only two
quarters had strong
growth, growth bigger than 4
percent at an
annual rate.
That's very low historically and
the growth
rate of this year, which counts
a lot for
the equation, was only 1.7
percent at an annual
rate in the first three quarters
of this year.
SOLMAN: By the end, Fair's model
predicted
that the Democrat would get only
44 percent
of the two-party vote.
Since Clinton beat Trump by 2
percent, and
wound up with 51 percent of the
two-party
total, he thinks Clinton
actually did much
better than she should have,
given the economy,
and his model did much worse.
FAIR: Had the Republicans
nominated some mainstream
person, they probably, most
people would think,
they probably would have done
much better
than they did.
SOLMAN: But Fair did get the
winner right,
unlike so many of the pros.
Why did the prediction markets
do so badly?
FAIR: I think they overestimated
the polls
and underestimated the
fundamentals about
the economy.
SOLMAN: So pretty humbling for
those of us
who follow the prediction
markets, no?
JUSTIN WOLFERS, ECONOMIST: It
was a humbling
for a lot of us in a lot of
different ways,
yes.
SOLMAN: Economist Justin Wolfers
studies the
prediction markets, and swears
by them.
Neither the polls nor the
markets were really
so far off, he told me by Skype
from Michigan.
WOLFERS: Remember the Chicago
Cubs were two
games behind in the World Series
and betting
markets said that there was only
a 30 percent
to win the World Series.
As history now records it, they
went on and
won the World Series.
Well, betting markets pretty
much said the
same thing about Donald Trump.
So, we were surprised, but we
should have
been no more surprised than we
were when the
Cubs won the World Series.
SOLMAN: "The New York Times"
Upshot was another
prediction site on which many
relied.
It expressed Clinton's odds of
losing in terms
of an NFL kicker missing an easy
field goal.
When I first began to think that
Donald Trump
had a real chance was when "The
New York Times"
Upshot made that field goal
analogy, and my
favorite kicker missed field
goals from a
shorter distance than the odds
were of Donald
Trump winning.
WOLFERS: One of the things that
we learn here,
and this is a lesson for both
the media and
for social scientists, is how
difficult it
is to communicate clearly about
probabilities.
SOLMAN: David Rothschild tends
the website
PredictWise, which tracks the
prediction markets
and makes forecasts of its own,
as on election
night.
DAVID ROTHSCHILD, PREDICTWISE
FOUNDER: Right
now, we have the presidency at
about 89 percent
for Hillary Clinton.
SOLMAN: So, every day, I went to
your site
and I was certain that Donald
Trump was going
to lose and I told everybody who
asked me,
you misled me.
ROTHSCHILD: Look, the website
PredictWise
had a bunch of different data up
there, and
it was important to take the
best available
historical data-based approach
and that really
is the prediction market data
and that's what
we led with the top line numbers
for, because
that is what we know has worked
historically.
SOLMAN: But Rothschild also had
a model based
on the economic fundamentals.
ROTHSCHILD: It showed the
Republican candidate
getting 282 electoral votes for
a narrow Electoral
College victory.
I'’m not going to sit here and
tell you I
was right because I like
everyone else who
looked at the idiosyncratic
information coming
out from the election and said
look, "This
is a year in which the
fundamentals were going
to be off."
FAIR: And that's why I didn't
want to talk
to people like you.
SOLMAN: One last time, Professor
Fair:
FAIR: Because it was kind of
embarrassing
to come in and say Trump looks
like he's going
to win and this and that when I
-- that's
what the equation said.
SOLMAN: Were you surprised by
the outcome?
FAIR: Yes.
SOLMAN: So you didn't have the
courage of
your own conviction.
FAIR: I didn't have the courage
of the equation's
prediction, OK?
SOLMAN: And so, even professor
fair didn't
heed the simple punch line of
his model, of
this story, and perhaps of this
election.
FAIR: "It's the economy,
stupid," would be
the very simple answer to that.
SOLMAN: Oh by the way, the
prediction markets
like Paddy Power are now giving
odds on Donald
Trump's re-election.
PADDY POWER, PADDY POWER OWNER:
Four to one
odds to be returned next time so
that means
he's got like a 20 percent
chance of retaining
the presidency next time around.
When Obama was elected for the
first time,
it would have been more like a
50 percent
chance of him getting reelected.
So, we're still underestimating
the man.
SOLMAN: Unless, I suppose, the
economy tanks
in the interim.
In New York, for the "PBS
NewsHour", this
is economics correspondent Paul
Solman, who
lost $200 to the producer of
this story, it
went to charity, and a bottle of
very good
sherry I still owe someone by
following the
prediction markets.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
HARI SREENIVASAN, PBS NEWSHOUR
ANCHOR: It
was a stunning finding, even in
a digital
age where stories of all kind go
viral.
During the last three months of
the presidential
campaign, fake or false news
headlines actually
generated more engagement on
Facebook than
true ones.
Facebook and other social media
platforms
were criticized for not doing
enough to flag
or dispute these posts.
Today, Facebook launched several
new tools
to flag and dispute what it
calls the "worst
of the worst" when it comes to
clear lies.
Those tools are essentially
embedded in your
individual feed.
Here's a bit of a video the
company posted
about how it will work.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
FACEBOOK VIDEO NARRATOR: You may
see an alert
before you share some links that
have been
disputed by third-party fact
checkers.
You can then cancel or continue
with the post.
If you suspect a news story is
fake, you can
report it.
It just takes a few taps.
Your report helps us track and
prevent fake
news from spreading.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
SREENIVASAN: Let's learn more
about this effort
to detect and slow the spread of
fake news,
part of our occasional series on
the subject.
Will Oremus has been writing
about this extensively
for "Slate" and working on that
site's own
new tool for identifying false
stories.
First, Will, let's talk a little
bit about
what Facebook announce today.
How is it going to work?
WILL OREMUS, SLATE: So,
Facebook's approach
to fake news has several
components.
One thing it's going to try to
do is make
it easier for users to report it
when they
see fake news in their feeds.
The next thing they're going to
do is they're
going to take that information
about stories
that are being reported as fake,
and they're
going to use some software, run
some algorithms
and create a dashboard of
stories that might
be fake and give access to that
dashboard
to third-party checking
organizations.
So, these are like Snopes or
PolitiFact, Factcheck.org.
Those fact checkers are going to
have their
human editors evaluate some of
the most viral
of the stories that have been
flagged as fake,
and if they determine it is in
fact a fake
news story, Facebook is going to
treat it
differently.
It's going to show it to fewer
people in its
feeds.
It's going to make it go less
viral and it'’s
also going to give people a
warning before
they try to share that story,
saying this
story has been disputed.
It will still let you share it.
It'’s not censoring or filtering
out anything.
But it is downgrading it in the
ranking algorithm
and it is letting people know
that this has
been disputed.
SREENIVASAN: So, Facebook is not
the arbiter
of the truth.
There are third parties checking
this for
them, right?
OREMUS: Yes, and Facebook has
been incredibly
reluctant to become the arbiter
of what's
true for good reason.
Facebook, the value of its
business, depends
on appealing to people on both
sides, all
across the political spectrum.
So, it doesn't want to be a
media company.
It has said this many times.
What it is doing here is shrewd,
I think.
It is delegating the
responsibility to respected,
non-profit, third-party
organizations whose
whole job is to figure out
what's true and
what's not.
SREENIVASAN: You have been
covering this space
for a while.
You want to draw a distinction
between what'’s
fake news and what are just
outright lies
and conspiracies.
There is a distinction.
OREMUS: Yes, the term "fake
news" is relatively
news.
A few years ago if somebody
said, "fake news,"
you wouldn't know necessarily
what they are
talking about, maybe they were
talking about
a satire site like "The Onion
"or "The Daily
Show."
It came in to currency in recent
months because
of the rise of a particular type
of thing,
which is a story that'’s
basically made up.
It was very popular during the
election season
for people to-- for hoaxsters to
make up stories
that played to people's
political biases.
So, something like, you know,
Hillary Clinton
is about to be arrested by the
New York Police
Department for email crimes.
SREENIVASAN: Yes.
OREMUS: They would just make
that up.
They would publish it.
And it would get shared widely
on Facebook.
Since then, the term has become
applied -- it
has become a political football.
And people call -- you hear
people on the
right calling the "New York
Times" fake news,
people on the left saying
Breitbart is fake
news.
But originally, it was actual
hoaxes that
were made up out of whole cloth.
SREENIVASAN: Now, people have
been trying
to fix the fake news problem.
There was a recent hack-a-thon,
and some Princeton
students came up with what they
thought was
a fix.
Your folks at "Slate" had
actually worked
on a tool.
You guys just launched this, not
coincidentally
on Monday.
Let's take a look at how this
works.
We'’re going to put this up on
the screen
here.
So, if I come across a fake news
story in
my feed, and there's this big
red banner saying,
"This news story is fake.
Here's how we know.
Share the proof."
How do you know?
Identify by this as fake.
This is the tool.
OREMUS: Yes, that'’s right.
So, what we wanted to do was not
just flag
stories as fake when they appear
in your Facebook
feed.
We actually wanted to give users
the power
to do something about it,
because -- I mean,
it's so frustrating, right?
You try to be a good consumer of
the media,
you try to evaluate what's true
and what's
credible, but then you see
friends and relatives
sharing this stuff.
So, what we do is we actually
provide a link
to a reputable debunking of that
particular
story that will appear
automatically.
And then we prompt you to share
that link
with the person who posted the
fake news so
that they and all of their
followers can see
that that story is fake or they
can go to
the debunking site and judge of
the evidence
for themselves.
SREENIVASAN: Now, there's a tool
you can actually
add to your browser.
It's kind of an extension, a
Chrome extension
and a button that works there.
We can look at other examples of
stories as
well.
Who is the arbiter of truth in
your system?
Who decided that this story was
false, even
though it looks just like an ABC
news site?
OREMUS: Yes, I mean, that's a
good question,
and this is really the trickiest
question
on this whole thing.
This is going to be an issue for
Facebook,
too.
I mean, if one of these fact
check organizations
says this story has some parts
that are true,
some parts that are false.
Is that a fake news story?
I think what we've done and in
fact it seems
what Facebook has done as well
is to try to
set a really high bar for what
counts as fake.
It's not just a story that might
be misleading.
SREENIVASAN: Yes.
OREMUS: Or has a couple of
factual errors
in it.
It's a story intentionally
designed to mislead
people and it's just -- you
know, it'’s a
hoax, basically.
So we have human editors who are
going to
be reviewing the posts that are
flagged by
our users as potentially fake
and they're
going to be looking for, again,
a reputable
third-party site that has used
evidence to
debunk that.
We're not going to be, you know,
doing the
debunking ourselves.
SREENIVASAN: Can technology
solve this problem?
There is a recent Pew study
saying 14 percent
of people out there shared a
fake news story,
even after they knew it was
fake.
OREMUS: Yes.
No, technology can't solve the
whole problem.
I think technology can be a part
of the solution.
And that's because it's not just
a technological
problem or just a human problem.
And there are human issues at
work here in
why fake news is shared.
There's confirmation bias.
There's the desire for something
to be true.
I mean, you want something to be
true.
SREENIVASAN: Yes.
OREMUS: What's your incentive to
go and check
it out.
But there is also a
technological component,
which is that Facebook in
particular has had
this leveling effect on the
media where a
story from abcnews.com, which is
a big, reputable
news site, looks just the same
in your Facebook
feed as a story from
abcnews.com.co, which
is a hoax site designed to trick
people.
And so, Facebook has created the
conditions
for this fake news to thrive.
And that's why I think, you
know, technology,
whether it's Facebook or a tool
like ours,
technology can be part of the
solution.
But it has to be human, too.
SREENIVASAN: That and a
wonderfully informed
citizenry and who are media
literate.
Will Oremus from "Slate" --
thanks so much.
OREMUS: Thanks for having me.
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF, PBS NEWSHOUR
ANCHOR: With recreational
marijuana now legal in eight
states, a serious
health and safety question about
the potency
of the psychoactive drug in
cannabis, known
as THC, are emerging.
In Colorado, some marijuana
products contain
90 percent pure THC, with little
research
documenting the physical and
mental effects
on consumers.
This week, the state's health
department announced
more than $2 million in grants
to study the
impacts on driving and cognitive
functioning.
As John Ferrugia of Rocky
Mountain PBS in
Denver reports, there are
concerns that the
effects on some users could be
deadly.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
MARC BULLARD: 2016 is a year of
something
new.
JOHN FERRUGIA, ROCKY MOUNTAIN
PBS: In December
2015, Marc Bullard felt on top
of the world.
He had landed a good job in
Denver after graduating
magna cum laude from Southern
Methodist University.
MARC BULLARD: It'’s been a good
year.
FERRUGIA: He made video diaries
to keep his
family and friends updated on
his life, looking
forward to the New Year.
MARC BULLARD: It'’s time to start
planning
projects.
FERRUGIA: But just four months
later, in April
2016, Marc Bullard took his own
life.
His written diary shows severe
depression
seems to have taken a quick hold
on him.
MIKE BULLARD, MARC BULLARD'’S
FATHER: You
know, December, he's fine, he
comes home for
the Christmas holiday.
FERRUGIA: And Mike and Ginny
Bullard (ph)
say he spent time with family
and friends
and showed no sign of being
down.
MIKE BULLARD: And what we saw in
the in the
diary later was by January the
16th, I guess,
he's talking about suicide.
FERRUGIA: It was only after his
death that
his parents began reading his
written diaries.
When did you first see the first
entry about
dabbing?
MIKE BULLARD: That was in the
March the 5th.
And that's where he talks about
you know,
I think I'’ve been dabbing too
much.
FERRUGIA: Dabbing, Mike and
Ginny had never
heard of it.
For the uninitiated, dabbing is
a way to smoke
a potent form of highly
concentrated THC,
the active ingredient in
marijuana.
It's known as wax, shatter, and
honey.
It gives the rush of an instant
high.
And in Colorado, where
recreational marijuana
is legal, there are no limits on
THC concentration
levels in a dab.
Dabbing was becoming part of the
subculture
looking for an ever increasing
THC high.
GINNY BULLARD, MARC BULLARD'’S
MOTHER: Yes,
we heard that marijuana was
legal but we're
thinking about people smoking
cigarettes.
This is a very potent marijuana
concentrate.
And some people have told us
that the THC
levels are 80 to 90 percent.
We had no idea that this was
something that
was legal in Colorado.
FERRUGIA: Not only is high
potency THC legal
in Colorado, there has been an
ever increasing
effort to extract THC in its
purest form.
RALPH MORGAN, CEO, ORGANA LABS:
The sophistication
in labs like this is so high,
that we can
achieve near perfect purity, 98
percent, 99
percent THC or CBD or any
cannabinoid that
we're isolating and extracting
to the crystalline
form.
FERRUGIA: Ralph Morgan is the
CEO of Organa
Labs, a company that extracts
THC from marijuana
for use in a smoking device.
His solution used by consumers
is almost 90
percent pure THC.
MORGAN: The industry is chasing
purity for
the benefits of that.
Those benefits are a product
that's repeatable,
that's safe, and has an effect
that's consistent.
With purity comes potency.
FERRUGIA: While Morgan and
others in the industry
provide an ever purer product,
and high potency,
it is not their job to worry
about how much
consumers use, or how they use
it, nor is
it their responsibility under
Colorado law.
Even so, the industry knows that
adverse reactions
are bad for business.
MORGAN: Cannabis is very safe
but it's not
foolproof.
And no one is going to -- no one
is going
to defend not exercising
moderation.
And anything in life can fog
your judgment
or can be detrimental if it's
not done in
moderation.
FERRUGIA: Ginny and Mike point
to Marc Bullard's
own words in his diary
indicating that he
was suffering from a dabbing
addiction.
GINNY BULLARD: "I found out I
was dabbing
too much which I already knew
and had cut
back in February, but apparently
if you overdo
it, you can get almost like
poison and experience
some negative effects."
FERRUGIA: People have said well
you know you
can't get addicted to marijuana.
KARI FRANSON, UNIVERSITY OF
COLORADO SCHOOL
OF PHARMACY: Oh, you can.
Oh, definitely, you can.
FERRUGIA: Dr. Kari Franson is
associate dean
at the University of Colorado
School of Pharmacy
and has been studying cannabis
for years,
including human studies in the
Netherlands
where marijuana consumption was
allowed long
before Colorado.
FRANSON: It's because marijuana
stimulates
dopamine in this part of our
brain that we
call the reward center.
FERRUGIA: In the case of 23-
year-old Marc
Bullard, his death certificate
lists a contributing
factor to "use of concentrated
marijuana products".
And the autopsy report showed
high levels
of active THC in his body.
But even Marc's parents realize
there is no
way to know if it was THC that
caused his
slide into despair.
FRANSON: Low doses of THC, we
know what happens.
These super high concentrations
of THC, we
don't know what happens because
we have not
been studying it.
And when they smoke that,
they're getting
in the 600 to 800 milligrams of
THC.
FERRUGIA: That's compared to a
limit of 10
milligrams in each serving of an
edible in
Colorado, or maybe 25 milligrams
of THC in
a typical marijuana cigarette.
But it'’s not just mental health
that is
of concern.
Brandon Cullip was 17, had only
had his driving
permit for a week, and his
friends in the
car told him he was too high to
drive, but
that didn't stop him.
Cullip pleaded guilty to
vehicular homicide,
and reckless driving in the
death of 16-year
old Chad Britton.
Cullip is serving a two-year
sentence in youth
corrections.
Police say he had been dabbing
high concentrate
THC before getting behind the
wheel.
Chad Britton is one of 36 people
who died
in 2014 in automobile accidents
that the Colorado
Department of Transportation
attributed to
fatalities where THC was the
only substance
inhibiting the driver.
2014 is the year marijuana was
legalized for
recreational use.
That is compared to 107 people
who died that
year in alcohol- only crashes.
The percentage of marijuana-only
fatalities
is small but has been edging up
since 2013.
FRANSON: Dabbing has become very
popular,
very quickly, without any kind
of understanding
how much is actually getting
into the brain
and what are the effects of a
typical user.
DR.
LARRY WOLK, COLORADO DEPARTMENT
OF HEALTH
AND ENVIRONMENT: The credible
research that
exists was all done on THC
potency.
That's very low compared to what
we see being
made available through products
today.
FERRUGIA: Dr. Larry Wolk is
director of the
Colorado Department of Public
Health and Environment.
His agency is tasked with
ensuring marijuana
products are safe for
consumption.
Wolk says the many delivery
systems of high-potency
cannabis products complicate its
study.
WOLKS: You can smoke it, you can
eat it, you
can dab it, you can do whatever.
And we don't know what all of
those different
forms do with regard to
absorption and the
effect it has on people's
health.
MIKE BULLARD: We didn't know
about the concentrated
marijuana products and the
different levels
of the THC.
Everybody thinks it's innocent,
you know,
just kind of relax people, it'’s
going to
make him mellow, it'’s not going
to do any
danger to him.
GINNY BULLARD: After reading
through these
and seeing the significant
changes in his
patterns, this is the only thing
that we feel
that it points to, is the
dabbing.
FERRUGIA: But voters here, and
in other states,
have approved recreational
marijuana, despite
any potential harmful effects.
In southern Colorado, a center
of production
and sale of cannabis, voters
rejected a measure
that would have shut down
operations.
The message: legal marijuana is
here to stay
in Colorado and across the
country.
The only question now is whether
states might
tighten regulation for the ever
increasing
number of consumers.
For the PBS "NewsHour", I'’m John
Ferrugia
in Denver.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
SREENIVASAN: Now to another in
our "Brief
but Spectacular" series, where
we hear from
interesting people about their
passions.
Tonight, entrepreneur Jacqueline
Novogratz,
founder and CEO of Acumen, a
non-profit venture
capital fund, talks about using
the tools
of business to address global
poverty.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
JACQUELINE NOVOGRATZ, FOUNDER
AND CEO OF ACUMEN:
When I was six years old, my
first grade nun,
Sister Mary Theophane, beat it
into my head
to whom much is given much is
expected.
And so, I always wanted to
change the world.
I moved to Rwanda to help start
the first
micro finance bank and soon
thereafter realized
that most people don't want
saving.
Most people want choice and
opportunity, which
is another way of saying
dignity.
In a funny way, I became an
accidental banker
and ended up in Latin America
during the financial
debt crisis of the early 1980s.
And there I saw that I love the
tools of business.
The problem was that low-income
people who
were so industrious had no
access to the banks
and that's why I went into
international development
and saw that on the other side,
there was
a great humanitarian ethos, but
it lacked
the efficiency, the
effectiveness of the markets.
We often say the market is the
best listening
device that we have.
So, if I give you a gift, you're
unlikely
to tell me what you don't like
about it.
But if I try to tell you a solar
light, you're
going to tell me exactly what
you think.
We created an organization with
this idea
that you could change the way
the world tackles
poverty by using something we
call "patient
capital."
We took philanthropy and rather
than give
it away, we would invest it in
intrepid entrepreneurs
that were going where both
markets and government
aid had failed the poor, basic
services like
health care, education,
agriculture, energy,
workforce development.
What entrepreneurs and others
we've invested
in have in common is what we
call moral imagination.
Moral imagination starts with
putting yourself
in another person's shoes and
seeing the world
through their perspective.
But it's more than empathy.
It's the ability to envision a
world and build
institutions in which all people
matter.
So, often, we look at poverty in
terms of
how much a person makes, rather
than understand
their contribution as a human
being.
When we see companies enable
people to have
access to clean drinking water
or agricultural
inputs that enable them to make
a little more
income, one of the first things
they do is
turn around and help somebody
else.
It's seeing that there is no one
above you
or below you.
And really that's the world that
we need on
see right now when we are so
divided, and
yet have so much opportunity to
become united.
My name is Jacqueline Novogratz.
And this is my "Brief But
Spectacular" take
on dignity and the moral
imagination.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
SREENIVASAN: You can find
additional "Brief
But Spectacular" episodes on our
website,
PBS.org/newshour/brief.
WOODRUFF: And online right now,
our politics
team talk with the "NewsHour's"
P.J. Tobia
about the racist ideology of the
white nationalist
movement in our weekly edition
of politics
live on Facebook.
That's at facebook.com/newshour.
Also, why are nations all over
the world urgently
pulling their bank notes out of
circulation?
You can read about the emerging
trend that's
changing the face of money on
our making sense
page.
That and more is on our website,
pbs.org/newshour.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'’m Judy Woodruff.
SREENIVASAN: And I'’m Hari
Sreenivasan.
Join us online, and again here
tomorrow evening
with Mark shields and Ramesh
Ponnuru.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour", thank
you and good night.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour", thank
you and good night.